Hello world, my final project is a simple web application based on HTML, CSS, JavaScript and flask (a python-based web framework). The project is called “TODOs”. What the application does is it keeps track of the various tasks a user is supposed to undertake, and the time each of the tasks are meant to be completed. Before a user starts adding their various tasks to their task list the user has to be registered. To register, the user has to fill in a form after clicking on the register bar in the top right corner of the login page closed to the login bar where they are prompted to input a username, password and a confirmation of their password. There after they automatically redirected to the login page where they can login with their just created username and password. After login in the user is taken to the “index” page in the “/” route where the user sees two tables; the “TASKS TODO” table and the “COMPLETED TASKS” table where all the task to-do and the task completed should appear. In the top right corner of the page there is a large colorized “TODOs” logo which when clicked takes the user to the index page. Next to it is the “Add Task” bar which when clicked takes the user to the “add task” page in the “/add” route where a form is shown to add task to the task lists. The form has three input fields, one for the name of the task, another for the expected date of completion and the last for the expected time of complete. After the user fills in the form and clicks on the “Add” button, they are automatically redirected to the index page where they see their new task, date the task is to be completed and the time it should be completed in the “TASK TODO” table. In the top right corner next to the “Add Task” bar is the “Confirm Completed Task” bar which when clicked takes the user to the “confirm” page in the “/confirm” route where the user is shown a form to select from the list of uncompleted tasks, if the user selects from the tasks and clicks confirm, they are automatically redirected to the index page where the user sees the just completed task and the time it was completed in the “COMPLETED TASKS” table. Next to the “Confirm Completed Task” bar is the “Delete Task” bar which when clicked takes the user to the “delete” page in the ”/delete” route where the user is shown a form to select from a list of all the tasks both completed and uncompleted and delete that task , if the user selects from the task and clicks confirm, they are automatically redirected to the index page where they see that the task has been deleted from either the “TASKS TODO” table or the “COMPLETED TASKS” table. At the right-hand corner of the page is the “MY PROFILE” bar that has a dropdown list from which a user can change their password or logout of the site.